TODO file for Minnet

Todo atm:
    New purpose: NickServ replacement on own network.
        Ideas:
            Set bot.isService in config to enable/disable
            If true, check for ircop access availability
            If ircop, ask server for user list; check if all are unknown or identified
            If unidentified user, warn then renick
            Use the current UDB, and extend its data/functionality
                Improve db design using keys (currently unnamed columns; possible security flaw)


    Self-status check (if isop())
        Set topic (access: oper)

    THINK: Is it better to let the config decide what fields can be set in the
        info database, or should people be allowed to set virtually any field?

        Solution: Use config to decide; setting it to '_ALL' or something alike
            means all fields allow; anything else restricts the fields.

    THINK: Should allowed fields in IDB be restricted per-channel, per-net or
        globally?
    
    Per-command disabling (disable certain functions for a channel or net)
    Add CTCP USERINFO, CLIENTINFO, FINGER, etc

    THINK: Should ADMIN, OPER, USER levels be per-channel instead of global, in
        order to avoid unwanted privileges in differing channels?

    Check if the WHERE nick OR cur_nick sql might be abused by nickchanging
    Check vulnerabilities for more than one user with the same nick

Command ideas:
    whatis unix command wrapper (depends on what's installed;
        supplement to IDB?)
    whois IRC wrapper
    up-check (ping)

    Nickserv identification
    Flood protection - warn then kick (then ban?); check for own op status

    ? JOTI functionality

    Statistics:     Sys details, resource usage, uptime (add weeks to uptime)
    Calculations:   Time calculations (how long from now to ${date}) [requires
                      thorough month handling and liberal date reading]
                    Calculator functionality
    Weather
    Maps:           "where is <place>?"; "show [me where] <place> [is]"
    Twitter:        Show last tweet(s) from <user>
    YouTube, etc:   Report what is in a given link
    (Last|Libre).fm Say what people are listening to
    Google/Wiki/etc Look up stuff

Wishlist:
    Provide documentation of what the hell the bloody commands actually do
    D&D functions and database?
    AI :D

Known bugs:
    'db set' does not actually save anything to the udb.            FIXME
    database called after 'quit' closes it.                         FIXME

Known irc.lua bugs (these really should be fixed, but I don't maintain it):
    Quitting always results in a crash.                             WONTFIX
    Someone joining a given channel results in crash.               NEEDFIX
